Hey, thanks for bailing on me.
Yeah, well, something came up.
What is that?
I don't know.
Some guy tried to vaporize me with it.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
Awesome.
I mean, not awesome.
Heh, totally uncool of that guy.
So scary.
Well, look, I think it's...
...a power source.
Yeah, but it's connected to
all these microprocessors.
That's an inductive charging plate.
That's what I use to charge my toothbrush.
Whoever's making these weapons
is combining alien tech with ours.
That is literally the coolest
sentence anyone has ever said.
I just want to thank you for
letting me be part of your journey...
...into this amazing--
Keep your fingers
clear of the blades.
I gotta figure out what
this is and who makes it.
We'll go to the lab
after class and run tests.
Let's do it.
First, we put the glowy thing
in the mass spectrometer.
We gotta come up with a
better name than "glowy thingy."
You're right.
Crap.
Come on, come on, come on.
High schools creep me out.
They got this funny
smell, you know?
Hey, that's one of the
guys that tried to kill me.
What?
- Yeah.
- We gotta get out of here.
No, no, no. I gotta follow them.
They can lead me to the guy
that dropped me in the lake.
- Someone dropped you in a lake?
- Yeah, it was not good.
- Peter--
- No. Stay there, Ned.
Peter.
What are you doing?
Nothing. Heh.
- Oh.
- Yeah. You good?
Chess.
Can you imagine what the boss
would say if he knew where we were?
It's saying there was
an energy pulse here.
There's no sign of the weapon.
- And even if it was here, now it's gone.
- So are we.
This is so awesome.
I know, right?
They're in Brooklyn.
Staten Island.
Leaving Jersey.
They stopped.
Huh.
Maryland?
- What's there?
- I don't know.
Evil lair? Heh.
- They have a lair?
- A gang with alien guns...
...run by a guy with wings?
Yeah.
Badass.
But how are you gonna get
there if it's, like, 300 miles away?
It's not too far from D.C.
- Hey, it's Peter.
- Guys.
- Peter?
- Hey, buddy.
I was hoping I could
rejoin the team.
No, no way.
You can't quit on us...
...stroll up and be
welcomed back by everyone.
Hey, welcome back, Peter!
Flash, you're back to first alternate.
- What?
- He's taking your place.
Excuse me, can we go already?
I was hoping to get in some protesting
in front of an embassy before dinner.
Protesting is patriotic.
Let's get on the bus.
Focus up, everyone.
Our next topic is the moons of Saturn.
The second law
of thermodynamics.
- Frank Sinatra.
- Fort Sumter.
- Flash is wrong.
- Okay, let's focus. Next one.
Liz, don't overwork them.
Uh, strontium,
barium, vibranium.
- Very good, Peter. Glad to have you back.
- Glad to be back.
- What is the current standard unit of--?
- Can I take this real quick?
Yeah, fine.
- Hello?
- Got a blip on my screen here.
You left New York?
- Okay, focus up, everyone.
- Tracker. Uh....
Yeah, it's just a school trip.
It's, uh, nothing.
Happy, I gotta say, tracking
me without permission...
...is a complete
violation of privacy.
- That's different.
- What's different?
Nothing.
Look, it's just the Academic Decathlon.
- It's no big deal.
- Hey, hey. I'll decide if it's no big deal.
Sounds like no big deal, but
remember, I'm watching you.
You know, this is the
first piece of clothing
I've ever bought for myself.
That?
Yeah. You don't like it?
Is that like a...
Is it army surplus, or...
Okay, it has a lot of pockets.
But I use them all the time,
and I made some of
my own modifications.
- Oh, yeah?
- Whatever.
Shut up.
The point is, I've never...
I've never had control over
my own life before, and now I do.
I want to do things.
Hmm...
I like your vest.
I knew it. I knew you did.
It's so cool, right?
It's good. Yes. I like it.
And you can put so much stuff in there.
You wouldn't even know.
I really don't know where
the Red Room is, though.
- I'm sorry.
- I know.
But I think I know
somebody who does.
Oh, yeah? Who?
We're gonna need a jet.
I said we needed a jet.
Yeah, you know what
you didn't give me? Time.
Or money. I'm not made of jets.
I thought you were
supposed to be the best.
Like a real pro.
Oh, I beg your pardon, tsarina.
Was the free flat and
lifetime supply of kissel
- not to your liking?
- Ha!
Don't let her wind you up.
No, I take exception to
impugning my professionalism.
Well, you did set me up with a
generator that crapped out after six hours.
You, too, huh? Tag team.
Aw, he's sensitive.
See why you keep him around.
Where's the rest?
Voilà.
Ooh.
Oh, I stashed that,
like, five years ago.
How is it?
It's dry. It's really dry.
You know, you're getting dangerously
close to running out your tab.
Supplies I can tally, but you bring
me attention from the authorities,
all my prices go up.
What's that supposed to mean?
Your mate, Secretary Ross,
has been sniffing around my affairs
to the point at which I've got
contacts declining my calls.
I'm a private contractor.
You are sensitive.
You're a very
annoying individual.
- I'll make it up to you.
- Mmm-hmm.
That's what you say every time.
I hired Yondu to pick you up...
when your mother passed away.
But instead of returning you...
Yondu kept you.
I have no clue as to why.
Well, I'll tell you why.
Because I was
a skinny little kid
who could squeeze into
places adults couldn't.
It made it easier for thievin'.
Well, I've been trying to
track you down ever since.
I thought Yondu was your father.
What? We've been together
this whole time...
and you thought Yondu
was my actual blood relative?
You look exactly alike.
One's blue!
No, he's not my father!
Yondu was the guy
who abducted me...
kicked the crap out of me
so I could learn to fight...
and kept me in terror
by threatening to eat me.
Eat you? Yeah.
Oh, that son of a bitch.
How'd you locate us now?
Well, even where I reside, out
past the edge of what's known...
we've heard tell about
the man they call Star-Lord.
What say we head
out there right now?
Your associates are welcome.
Even that triangle-faced
monkey there.
I promise you...
it's unlike any other
place you've ever seen.
And there...
I can explain your
very special heritage.
Finally get to be...
the father I've
always wanted to be.
Excuse me.
I've gotta take a whiz.
I'm not buying it.
Let's go take a walk.
I am Mantis.
What are you doing?
Smiling.
I hear it is the thing to do
to make people like you.
Not if you do it like that.
Oh...
I was raised alone
on Ego's planet.
I do not understand the
intricacies of social interaction.
Can I pet your puppy?
It is adorable.
Yes.
That is called a practical joke!
I liked it very much!
I just made it up!
Give me a break!
After all this time,
you're gonna show
up, and all of a sudden...
- you wanna be my dad?
- I hear you.
And by the way,
this could be a trap.
The Kree purists,
the Ravagers...
they all want us dead.
I know, but...
But what?
What was that story you told
me about Zardu Hasselfrau?
Who?
He owned a magic boat?
David Hasselhoff?
Right.
Not a magic boat. A talking car.
Why did he talk again?
To help him fight crime,
and to be supportive.
As a child, you would carry
his picture in your pocket...
and you would tell
all the other children...
that he was your father,
but that he was out of town.
Shooting Knight Rider or
touring with his band in Germany.
I told you that
when I was drunk.
Why are you
bringing that up now?
I love that story.
I hate that story.
It's so sad!
As a kid, I used to
see all the other kids
off playing catch
with their dad.
And I wanted that, more
than anything in the world!
That's my point, Peter.
What if this man
is your Hasselhoff?
Listen, if he ends
up being evil...
we'll just kill him.
You're leaving me with that fox?
He's not a fox.
Shoot her if she does
anything suspicious.
Or if you feel like it.
Okay.
It'll be just a couple of days.
We'll be back before
Rocket's finished fixing the ship.
What if the Sovereign come?
There's no way for them
to know we're here. Let's go.
I'm uncertain
about parting ways.
God, you're like an old woman.
Because I'm wise?
Why do you have so much luggage?
I don't want Groot
playing with my things.
I hope Daddy isn't as big
of a dick as you, orphan boy.
What is your goal here?
To get everybody to hate you?
Because it's working.
♪ And if you don't love me now
You will never love me again
♪ I can still hear you saying
♪ You would
never break the chain
♪ And if you don't love me now
♪ You will never love me again
♪ I can still hear you saying
♪ You would
never break the chain
♪ And if you don't love me now
♪ You will never love me again
♪ I can still hear you saying
♪ You would
never break the chain ♪
- Everyone stick together.
- Yeah.
You kidding me?
This place is huge.
- I've seen bigger.
- There's a bird in here.
- Hey, you brought your laptop, right?
- Why?
Peter...
...why are we removing
the tracker from your suit?
Uh...
...I gotta follow these guys to
their boss before they move again...
...and I don't really want
Mr. Stark to know about it.
So you're lying to Iron Man now?
No, I'm not lying.
He just doesn't really
get what I can do yet.
Ah....
Gotcha.
All right, Happy,
enjoy tracking this lamp.
There's a ton of other
subsystems in here...
- Hmm?
- ...but they're all disabled...
...by the Training
Wheels Protocol.
What?
"Training Wheels Protocol"?
Turn it off.
I don't think that's a good idea.
They're blocked for a reason.
Come on, man, I don't
need training wheels.
I'm sick of him treating me
like a kid all the time.
- It's not cool.
- But you are a kid.
A kid who can stop a
bus with his bare hands.
Peter, I just don't think this is a great
idea. I mean, what if this is illegal?
Look, please. This is my chance
to prove myself.
I can handle it. Ned, come on.
- I don't think this is a good idea.
- The guy in the chair.
- Don't do that.
- Come on.
The glowy thing, it's evidence.
Keep it safe.
- All right?
- Okay. Okay.
- They're moving.
- Be careful.
- Hey, Liz.
- Perfect timing.
We're gonna go swimming.
- Come on, come on, come on.
- What?
- Hey, Peter.
- Hi.
Hey.
I was, uh-- I was gonna go
study in the business center.
You don't need to study.
You're the smartest guy I've ever met.
And besides...
...um, a rebellious group activity the
day before competition is good for morale.
Hmm?
Um, well, I read that
in a TED Talk, so--
I-- I heard it in a TED Talk.
And I read a coaching book.
Wow, you really-- This
is really important to you.
Yeah. It's our future.
I'm not gonna screw it up.
Besides, we raided the minibar
and these candy bars were, like, $11.
- So get your trunks on and come on.
- Come on.
- I'm coming, I'm coming.
Let's go.
- Good evening, Peter.
- Hello? Hello?
Congratulations on completing
the Training Wheels Protocol...
...and gaining access to
your suit's full capabilities.
Ah, thank you.
Where would you
like to take me tonight?
I put a tracker on someone.
He's a bad guy.
Tracker located.
Plotting course
to intercept target.
As long as I make it back
in time for decathlon, it's fine.
One hundred meters from
destination and closing.
Jump now.
Detecting three individuals.
Why is their secret lair in a gas station?
That's so lame.
Hey, suit lady,
what are they doing?
Do you want to hear
what they're saying?
I can hear what they're saying?
Uh, yeah.
Activating Enhanced
Reconnaissance Mode.
I got the gauntlet from
the Lagos cleanup.
The rest is my design.
Whoa, that's so cool.
Can't believe they're
still cleaning up...
- ...that Triskelion mess.
- I love it.
They keep making
messes, we keep getting rich.
Target inbound.
Whoa, they're in
the middle of a heist.
I could catch them red-handed.
This is awesome.
Okay, I'll get closer to
see what's happening.
Would you like me to engage
Enhanced Combat Mode?
Uh, "Enhanced Combat Mode"?
Yeah.
Activating Instant Kill.
No, no, no.
I don't want to kill anybody.
Deactivating Instant Kill.
Did you hear that?
What the hell just happened?
What was that?
You jumped off the sign
and landed on your face.
What's wrong with
my web-shooters?
Rapid-fire is the default
for Enhanced Combat Mode.
- Why would I need rapid-fire?
- Would you like to see more options?
You have 576 possible
web-shooter combinations.
Whoa, Mr. Stark
really overdid it.
You two wait right here.
Wait. You're gonna want to
turn on the dampers.
- That thing will shatter your arm.
- All right, where's the dampers?
- That one.
- Great choice.
Would you like me to set
this as your new default?
No, no, no.
- Push that in. No, the other--
- Here? This one here?
- What was that?
- Taser webs.
Taser webs?
I don't want Taser webs.
You seem to be unfamiliar
with your web-shooter settings.
Would you like to run
a refresher course?
- No. Just-- You choose.
- Sure thing.
Six-alpha-niner, are
you running on time?
Copy, central.
Six-alpha-niner on schedule.
- I got a visual.
- Green light, green light.
Oh, that's him.
Okay. I got eyes on the convoy.
Pulling in behind the caboose.
Deploy anchors.
Dropping down.
No outgoing distress signals.
You're clear.
Hey. Looks like they got
some good stuff here.
Whoa, cool. It's like some
kind of matter phase shifter.
All right, coming up.
Hey, Big Bird.
This doesn't belong to you.
Oh, God.
- Suit lady, what was that?!
- You told me to choose.
What? No, just set
everything back to normal.
Activating all systems.
So, I have the nuclear code.
But there he is.
- Captain America!
- America.
Finally, the Red
Guardian's time has come!
I grab hold of his shield
and face to face,
it's a test of strength.
Oh... Oh, no.
Oh...
That guy think he
going to beat me.
Anyway, this shield, you
know, that he carries with him
like a precious baby
blanket, you know?
I use it to my advantage.
I take it
and I push him out the window.
And I make my escape. Huh?
What year was this?
I don't know. Like, '83, '84.
I know.
Captain America was
still frozen in ice then.
Are you calling me
a liar, Ursa, huh?
Alexei Shostakov! Mail Call.
Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
Alexei Shostakov! Mail Call.
Aw, look at the big bear.
Gonna cry, little girl?
Today is your lucky day, Alexei.
Move to the door
on the south wall.
What's up with you?
Can't you read?
Go left.
Just don't make a scene.
You made a scene, didn't you?
What now?
We're gettin' you outta here.
Go to the upper level.
Move your ass, super soldier.
He's never going to make it.
Get me closer.
You got a better idea?
Natasha.
Such a poser.
Seriously?
Whoo!
Sorry!
What are you doing?
Are you kidding me?
Back up!
We're both doing
a really good job.
No.
Okay. Enough of this.
Ha!
Whoa...
This would be a cool way to die.
Tell me that's a
good sign for us!
Move your ass!
Get us outta here!
Huh.
Wait!
Yes!
Hey, can I ask you
a personal question?
Oh...
No one has ever asked
me a personal question.
Your antennae,
what are they for?
Their purpose?
Yes. Quill and I have a bet.
Dude. You're not
supposed to say that!
I say...
if you are about to go through
a doorway that is too low...
your antennae will feel this, and
keep you from being decapitated.
Right. And if it's
anything other than...
you specifically not being
decapitated by a doorway, I win.
They are not for
feeling doorways.
I think...
they have something to do
with my empathic abilities.
What are those?
If I touch someone,
I can feel their feelings.
You read minds? No.
Telepaths know thoughts.
Empaths feel feelings.
Emotions.
May I?
All right.
You feel love.
Yeah. I guess I feel a general,
unselfish love for
just about everybody.
No!
Romantic, sexual love.
No, I don't.
For her! No!
Okay.
She just told everyone
your deepest, darkest secret!
Dude, I think you're
overreacting a little bit!
You must be so embarrassed!
Do me! Do me!
I have never felt such humor!
So unbelievably uncool.
Oh, Quill.
Touch me, and the only thing
you're gonna feel is a broken jaw.
I can also alter
emotions to some extent.
Yeah, like what?
If I touch someone who is sad...
I can ease them into
contentment for a short while.
I can make a stubborn
person compliant.
But I mostly use it to
help my master sleep.
He lies awake at night
thinking about his progeny.
Do one of those on me.
Sleep.
My head.
You appear to have
a mild concussion.
Hey, so where am I right now?
I'm not sure.
The container walls are
hindering my sensors.
Wait a minute.
They must have hijacked the
truck and taken me to their evil lair.
Okay, suit lady, we're gonna
have to fight our way out of this one.
Three, two, one.
What is this place?
Suit lady, where am I?
You're in the most secure
facility on the Eastern Seaboard.
The Damage Control
deep-storage vault.
No. Seriously? Argh!
The door will most likely
remain closed until morning.
Morning?
Hey, suit lady. I kind of feel bad
calling you "suit lady," you know?
I think I should probably
give you a name.
Like Liz. No, no, no.
God, that's-- That's weird.
What about Karen?
You can call me
Karen if you would like.
Hey, Karen, what
else can this suit do?
What?
Maybe we should run
that refresher course.
- Ricochet web.
- Whoa. Cool.
- Splitter web.
- Web grenade.
- Web grenade!
Should I tell Liz
that I'm Spider-Man?
Who is Liz?
Who's Liz? Heh.
She's-- Heh, heh.
She's the best. She's awesome.
She's just a girl who
goes to my school.
And, uh--
Yeah, I just-- I really want to tell her,
but it's kind of weird, you know?
"Hey, I'm Spider-Man."
What's weird about that?
What if she's expecting
someone like Tony Stark?
Imagine how disappointed
she'd be when she sees me.
Well, if I were her, I wouldn't
be disappointed at all.
Thanks, Karen.
It's really nice to have
somebody to talk to.
Hey, how long we
been here anyways?
- Thirty-seven minutes.
- What?!
Thirty-seven minutes?
That's insane.
I cannot take this anymore.
I got to-- I gotta get out of here.
There's got to be
something in here I can use.
Okay, let's see.
Nope.
That's awesome.
Oh.
Hey, it's like the glowy thing.
That glowy thing is an
explosive Chitauri energy core.
You mean, we've been
carrying around a bomb?
It would require radiation to
transform it into an explosive state.
No, no, no.
Hey! Please!
Please, somebody let me out! Hey!
Karen, you have to help
me override that time lock.
Okay, Karen, lower
the voltage and run it.
Trial unsuccessful.
Okay, we're just gonna
have to try every sequence.
Ned, Peter, we're gonna be late.
Come on, let's go.
Okay. Uh, hold on, hold on.
Initiating trial 247.
It worked. It works.
Please be sure all cell
phones are turned off.
Thank you.
Karen, get me to decathlon
as fast as possible.
Sure thing.
Just tell me where it is.
Across the street from
the Washington Monument.
It's Ned. Leave a message.
Call me back.
The glowy thing's a bomb!
There's a vehicle
approaching on your right.
We have now
entered sudden death.
The next correct answer
wins the championship.
Midtown Tech?
Zero.
That is correct.
Midtown takes the championship.
- Woo-hoo! We won.
- You guys, I am so proud of you.
- Told you we didn't need Peter.
- Flash, you didn't answer a question.
- Taking it all in, Michelle?
- Oh, yeah, I just, um--
I don't want to celebrate
something that was built by slaves.
I'm sure the Washington
Monument wasn't built by--
Okay.
- Enjoy your book.
- Thanks.
- Oh, Ned, you're alive.
- Peter, are you okay?
Where's the glowy thing?
The glowy thing?
- It's safe. It's in my backpack.
- Ned, listen, the glowy thing is dangerous.
You missed the decathlon.
I covered for you.
- Listen to me!
- We're at the Washington Monument.
- Peter, is that you?
- Hey, Liz.
- Is that Liz?
- Put Ned back on the phone.
- You should tell her how you feel.
- You flake. You are lucky we won.
I want to be mad, but I'm more worried.
Like, what is going on with you?
I have to talk to Ned.
It's important.
All items on the belt, please.
There's something
in Ned's backpack.
It's dangerous.
Don't let it go through an x-ray.
Liz? Liz! Damn it.
Can I be the one to
tell Peter he's expelled?
The Washington Monument is 555 feet,
five and one-eighth inches tall.
Notice how the marble and
granite are cut around the stone.
No, no, no.
Karen, what's going on up there?
The Chitauri core
has detonated...
...and caused severe
structural damage to the elevator.
- Oh, no.
- My friends are up there.
What? Uh, don't worry, ma'am,
everything's gonna be okay.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Oh, my God, that's tall.
Oh, my God. Look at the ceiling.
Just stay calm, everyone.
Oh, we are all
going to die here.
Estimating 10 minutes
before catastrophic failure.
We're freaking screwed.
Okay, I know that was scary,
but our safety systems are working.
The safety systems
are completely failing.
We're very safe in here.
The occupants are in
imminent mortal danger.
Going as fast as I can!
- Let's go.
- Give me your hand.
You now have 125 seconds
until catastrophic failure.
What?! Why?
Unexpected motion has caused
the deterioration to escalate.
- How do I get in there?
- Activating reconnaissance drone.
Whoa. Has that been there
this whole time? That's awesome.
Locating optimal entry point.
Proceed to southwest window.
Karen, I'm on my way.
- There's a lot of glass here.
- You got this.
Keep coming, keep coming.
Okay. Oh, my God.
Okay.
What's wrong?
You've reached the southwest window.
- Why are you hesitating?
- It's fine.
I've just never been
this high before.
You have also not
reinstalled your parachute...
...so a fall from this height
would most likely be lethal.
Oh.
Perfect.
Oh, my God.
Why is it not breaking?
It's four-inch ballistic glass.
You'll have to create more momentum.
This is D.C. Metro Police.
Identify yourself.
My friends are in there! Stop!
Return to the
ground immediately.
- Okay, who's next?
- Me, it's my turn.
Flash, seriously?
What are you doing?
- Come on.
- Don't worry about the trophy.
Stand down!
Return to the
ground immediately.
Return to the ground
or we will open fire!
Go up, go up.
I got this.
Take my trophy.
This is your last chance.
I'm gonna die.
Look out!
Break!
I did it. Whoa!
Hey, how you doing?
Don't worry. I got you.
- Yes! Yes.
- Hey, hey.
- Big guy, quit moving around.
- I'm sorry, sir.
Let's go, let's go!
Okay, okay.
- Mr. Harrington, go.
- Ned, come on.
- This is your stop.
- Come on, Liz.
Go, go, go. Everybody out.
Move it, people. Move it, move it.
- Are you sure it's safe?
- Liz.
Liz!
You're okay. You're okay.
Okay.
- Oh, my God.
- Good, good.
Come on up.
Come on, you guys, stay back.
- Come on in.
- You guys good?
So is everyone okay?
This is your chance, Peter.
Kiss her.
Thank you.
Are you really friends
with Peter Parker?
Oh, that was exciting.
Oh, I'm so proud of you girls.
Oh, you can't hear me, huh?
Okay.
Ah...
Wow.
Okay.
Why the aggression, huh?
Is it your time of the month?
I don't get my period, dipshit.
I don't have a uterus.
Or ovaries.
Yeah.
That's what happens when the Red Room
gives you an
involuntary hysterectomy.
They kind of just go in and they rip
out all of your reproductive organs.
They just get right in there
and they chop them all away.
- Everything out, so you can't have babies.
- Okay, okay. Okay! Okay!
You don't have to get
so clinical and nasty.
Oh, well, I was
about to talk about
- fallopian tubes, but okay.
- No.
It means so much to me
that you came back for me.
No. No. You're gonna tell us
how to get to the Red Room.
Huh.
Whoa, look at you, huh?
All business.
Trust me, this isn't pleasure.
Little Natasha, all indoctrinated
into the Western agenda.
I chose to go west to
become an Avenger.
'Cause they treated
me like family.
Really? Family?
Well, where are they now?
Where is that family now?
Tell me where the Red Room is.
I have no idea.
Okay?
Come on. You and
Dreykov were like...
- Dreykov?
- Yeah.
General Dreykov, my friend, huh?
Gives me glory...
Soviet Union's first
and only super soldier.
I could have been more
famous than Captain America.
Then he buries me in
Ohio on that stupid mission.
Three years!
So tedious, boring me to tears.
No offense, huh?
Then puts me in prison for
the rest of my life. Why, huh?
Why? Why would he put me in...
You know why?
'Cause maybe I want to talk
about the withering of the state.
Or maybe I don't like
his hair or something
and I say something
casually about that.
Maybe, you know,
I want the Party to
feel actually like a party
instead of this
sourpuss organization.
But instead, no.
He puts me in prison
for the rest of my life.
He just runs off and hides, huh?
I'm not even the one
who, uh, you know...
I'm not the one who
killed his daughter.
Can we throw him
out the window now?
I think we should wait till
we get to a higher altitude.
All right.
Wait, Mom Melina?
We thought she was dead.
You cannot kill
a fox that swift.
- Ew.
- What?
She was the scientist, the strategist.
I was the muscle.
She worked directly for
Dreykov far more than I ever did.
Wait. Are you telling me that Melina is
working for the Red Room present day?
She works remotely
outside St. Petersburg.
Uh...
I don't think we have enough
fuel for St. Petersburg.
No, we're good.
We'll make it.
Okay.
You should've brought
the Avengers' superjet.
I swear, if I hear one
more word from him,
- I will kick him in the face.
- He's the worst.
Natasha.
Natasha. Natasha.
Come here, I want
to ask you something.
- Come, it's important.
- What?
Did he talk to you about me?
What?
You know, trading war stories?
Who? What are you talking about?
Captain America.
My great adversary in this
theater of geopolitical conflict.
Not so much a nemesis.
More like a contemporary,
you know? Coequal.
I always thought there was a
great deal of mutual respect...
Wait. You haven't seen
either one of us in 20 years
and you're gonna
ask me about you?
What is with this tension?
Did I do something wrong?
Is that a serious question?
I only ever loved you girls.
I did my best to make
sure you would succeed
to achieve your
fullest potential,
- and everything worked out.
- Everything worked out?
Yes. For you, yes.
We accomplished
our mission in Ohio.
Yelena, you went on to become
the greatest child assassin
the world has ever known.
No one can match your
efficiency, your ruthlessness.
And Natasha,
not just a spy, not
just toppling regimes,
destroying empires from within,
but an Avenger.
You both have killed
so many people.
Your ledgers must be
dripping, just gushing red.
I couldn't be more proud of you.
Okay. You can... No.
Let go of me now.
You smell really bad.
Welcome, everyone, to my world.
Wow. You have your own planet?
Come on. No larger
than your Earth's Moon.
Humility.
I like it.
I, too, am
extraordinarily humble.
You own a planet and can destroy
two dozen spaceships
without a suit.
What are you exactly?
I'm what's called a
Celestial, sweetheart.
A Celestial, like a god?
Mmm, small "g," son.
At least on the days I'm
feeling humble as Drax.
Whoa!
I don't know where
I came from exactly.
First thing I remember
is flickering...
adrift in the cosmos utterly...
and entirely alone.
Over millions of years...
I learned to control the
molecules around me.
I grew smarter and stronger.
And I continued
building from there...
layer by layer...
the very planet you walk on now.
Whoa.
But I wanted more.
I desired...
meaning.
"There must be some life
out there in the universe...
"besides just me," I thought.
And so, I set myself
the task of finding it.
I created...
what I imagined
biological life to be like...
down to the most minute detail.
Did you make a penis?
Dude!
What is wrong with you?
If he is a planet,
how could he make a
baby with your mother?
He would smush her!
I don't need to hear
how my parents...
Why?
My father would tell the story
of impregnating my
mother every winter solstice.
That's disgusting.
It was beautiful.
You Earthers have hang-ups.
Yes, Drax, I got a penis.
Ha! Thank you!
It's not half bad.
Oh. Ugh.
I've also got pain receptors,
and a digestive system...
and all the accompanying junk.
I wanted to experience what
it truly meant to be human...
as I set out
amongst the stars...
until I found...
what I sought.
Life.
I was not alone in
the universe after all.
When did you meet my mother?
Not long after.
It was with Meredith that
I first experienced love.
I called her my river lily.
And from that love, Peter...
you.
I have searched
for you for so long.
And when I heard
of a man from Earth...
who held an Infinity Stone
in his hand without dying...
I knew you must be the
son of the woman I loved.
If you loved her, why
did you leave her?
My mother told everyone
my father was from the stars.
She had brain cancer, so
everyone thought she was delusional.
Peter...
Listen, I'd love to believe
all of this, I really would.
But you left...
the most wonderful woman ever...
to die alone.
I didn't want to leave
your mother, Peter.
If I don't return
regularly to my planet...
and the light within it...
this form will
wither and perish.
So why didn't you come back?
Why did you send Yondu?
A criminal, of all people,
to come and fetch me?
I loved your mother, Peter!
I couldn't stand to
set foot on an Earth...
where she wasn't living!
You can't imagine
what that's like!
I know exactly
what that feels like!
I had to watch her die!
Over the millions and millions
of years of my existence...
I've made many mistakes, Peter.
But you're not one of them.
Please give me the
chance to be the father
she would want me to be.
There's so much that I need
to teach you about this planet...
and the light within.
They are a part of you, Peter.
What do you mean?
Give me your hands, son.
Here.
Hold them like that.
Now, close your
eyes and concentrate.
Take your brain to the
center of this planet.
Yes!
Whoa!
Yes! It's okay.
Just relax. Concentrate.
You can do it. Bring it back.
Yes!
Yes, now shape it.
Feel that energy.
Yes.
You're home.
Peter...
How did you get to
this weird, dumb planet?
Ego found me in my larva state.
Orphaned on my homeworld.
He raised me by hand,
and kept me as his own.
So you're a pet?
I suppose.
People usually want cute pets.
Why would Ego want
such a hideous one?
I am hideous?
You are horrifying
to look at. Yes.
But that's a good thing.
Oh?
When you're ugly, and
someone loves you...
you know they love
you for who you are.
Beautiful people
never know who to trust.
Well, then I'm certainly
grateful to be ugly.
Those pools, they
remind me of a time...
when I took my daughter to the
forgotten lakes of my homeworld.
She was like you.
Disgusting?
Innocent.
Drax?
There's something
I must tell you.
What's going on?
This gross bug lady
is my new friend.
I'm learning many things,
like I'm a pet and ugly.
You're not ugly. Drax!
What are you talking about?
Mantis...
can you show us
where we'll be staying?
Why are there no other
beings on this planet?
The planet is Ego.
A dog would not invite
a flea to live on his back.
And you're not a flea?
I'm a flea with a purpose.
I help him sleep.
What were you about to say
to Drax before I walked out?
Nothing.
Your quarters are this way.
I can finish the next order, but without
any new materials from that truck....
Yeah, damn it.
We still have enough to do
the Gargan deal though, right?
Yeah, but then that's it.
Oh.
Maybe it is time that I
built the high-altitude seal.
- Would you shut up about that?
- It's only one job.
No.
This little bastard in
red tights shows up,
and he thinks he can tear
down everything I've built.
Really?
- I'm gonna find him--
- I found him.
The Spider-Man swooped in...
...heroically saving an Academic
Decathlon team from Queens.
The identity of the masked
hero is still unknown.
I'm gonna kill him.